Ejemplos en IEEEtranBST2/IEEEexample.bib

Entry types

article
  An article from a journal or magazine.
  Required fields: author, title, journal, year, volume
  Optional fields: number, pages, month, note, key
book
  A book with an explicit publisher.
  Required fields: author/editor, title, publisher, year
  Optional fields: volume/number, series, address, edition, month, note, key
booklet
  A work that is printed and bound, but without a named publisher or sponsoring institution.
  Required fields: title
  Optional fields: author, howpublished, address, month, year, note, key
conference
  The same as inproceedings, included for Scribe compatibility.
electronic
  An online document or website.
inbook
  A part of a book, usually untitled. May be a chapter (or section, etc.) and/or a range of pages.
  Required fields: author/editor, title, chapter/pages, publisher, year
  Optional fields: volume/number, series, type, address, edition, month, note, key
incollection
  A part of a book having its own title.
  Required fields: author, title, booktitle, publisher, year
  Optional fields: editor, volume/number, series, type, chapter, pages, address, edition, month,
  note, key
inproceedings
  An article in a conference proceedings.
  Required fields: author, title, booktitle, year
  Optional fields: editor, volume/number, series, pages, address, month, organization, publisher,
  note, key
manual
  Technical documentation.
  Required fields: title
  Optional fields: author, organization, address, edition, month, year, note, key
mastersthesis
  A Master's thesis.
  Required fields: author, title, school, year
  Optional fields: type, address, month, note, key
misc
  For use when nothing else fits.
  Required fields: none
  Optional fields: author, title, howpublished, month, year, note, key
phdthesis
  A Ph.D. thesis.
  Required fields: author, title, school, year
  Optional fields: type, address, month, note, key
proceedings
  The proceedings of a conference.
  Required fields: title, year
  Optional fields: editor, volume/number, series, address, month, publisher, organization, note,
  key
standar
  A standar.
techreport
  A report published by a school or other institution, usually numbered within a series.
  Required fields: author, title, institution, year
  Optional fields: type, number, address, month, note, key
unpublished
  A document having an author and title, but not formally published.
  Required fields: author, title, note
  Optional fields: month, year, key

Field types
Note: enclose between {} to maintain capitalization of words

address
  Publisher's address (usually just the city, but can be the full address for lesser-known
  publishers)
annote
  An annotation for annotated bibliography styles (not typical)
author
  The name(s) of the author(s) (in the case of more than one author, separated by and
booktitle
  The title of the book, if only part of it is being cited
chapter
  The chapter number
crossref
  The key of the cross-referenced entry
edition
  The edition of a book, long form (such as "First" or "Second")
editor
  The name(s) of the editor(s)
howpublished
  How it was published, if the publishing method is nonstandard
institution
  The institution that was involved in the publishing, but not necessarily the publisher
journal
  The journal or magazine the work was published in
key
  A hidden field used for specifying or overriding the alphabetical order of entries (when the
  "author" and "editor" fields are missing). Note that this is very different from the key
  (mentioned just after this list) that is used to cite or cross-reference the entry.
month
  The month of publication (or, if unpublished, the month of creation)
note
  Miscellaneous extra information
number
  The "(issue) number" of a journal, magazine, or tech-report, if applicable. (Most publications
  have a "volume", but no "number" field.)
organization
  The conference sponsor
pages
  Page numbers, separated either by commas or double-hyphens.
publisher
  The publisher's name
school
  The school where the thesis was written
series
  The series of books the book was published in (e.g. "The Hardy Boys" or "Lecture Notes in
  Computer Science")
title
  The title of the work
url
  Url address of the document. Use "\-" to specify the desired separation for long address.
  Example: www.abcd.com/\-some/\-document.html
type
  The field overriding the default type of publication (e.g. "Research Note" for techreport,
  "{PhD} dissertation" for phdthesis, "Section" for inbook/incollection)
volume
  The volume of a journal or multi-volume book
year
  The year of publication (or, if unpublished, the year of creation)
